# May 19th, 2021

## TODOs

1. Compute genomic control for PID (done)
2. Plot three-track Manhattans to show auxiliary trait giving the largest jump in -log10(v) values (done, see page for May 15th)
3. Rerun join to retain SNPs missing MAF values (done)
4. Implement new MAF matching scheme (done)
5. Run LDAK including SNPs missing MAF values (in progress)
6. Rerun iterative fcFDR 
7. Run coloc on our loci of interest
8. Read up on our loci of interest (FASLG in particular)

## What I've done this week

### Genomic control and three-track Manhattans

See our discussion on Slack and [the page for May 15th](/entries/150521/150521.html) for the three-track Manhattans.

### Updating the MAF matching scheme

This only took a couple of hours as it sufficed to add a call to `addNA` to include NA values. 

By chance, this revealed that the earlier code I wrote to handle MAF matching would not have handled an error condition wherein one of the intervals in the independent subset contains no SNPs. 

I have not been able to test the code on a full data set yet as that will require the new LDAK weights.

### Rerunning LDAK to retain SNPs missing MAF values

I have previously run LDAK using a mix of shell and R scripts. I have spent time replacing this ad hoc approach with a `snakemake` workflow. It's certainly taken longer than had I run it 'by hand' as I have had to learn to use the technology, but `snakemake` looks set to save me many hours in the long run.

When I have time, I will fork Tobi's `snakemake` tutorial repo and add a section about using it with `slurm` on CSD3. 

### Next week

I would like to take this next week off from doing research and just write up my results. I've spent a lot of time writing the literature review section and that has served to educate me in the field as well as to draft the first-year report, but I've yet to turn my notes on my own research into proper prose for the report. 
