# 16th December 2020

## TODOs from last meeting

1. Run Anna's method: 
  * use lupus and PID, 
  * How do the newly significant SNPs differ from those for cFDR? 
  * Construct Manhattan plots for SLE and PID overlap; are the novel SNPs near already-significant loci?
2. Writing, perhaps PID given I read about it recently for my presentation
3. Mimic Anna's R Markdown-generated GitHub diary
    
## What I've done this week

Headline is that I have nothing to show for my efforts this week, thus far.

### `fcfdr`

Anna pointed me to the code she had used to generate LDAK weights. These weights had been generated from 1000 Genomes data filtered to contain only those SNPs relevant to her asthma analysis. This meant it was necessary to download a fresh copy of the 1000 Genomes data. I used `PLINK` to filter these data in order to obtain those from European samples only. I will next subset these data to get the SNPS *I* want. Guille gave me some advice on this after he caught me poking around the `06-Pathway_analysis` directory (I wouldn't like to leave him 'uncredited' :) ).

Besides the execution, I spent some time reading about `LDAK` and `PLINK`. The latter in particular seems ubiquitous in GWAS work so I thought I ought not to be ignorant any longer. 

### Writing

No progress on this front.

### GitHub diary

This is up and running as you can see :); the current theme is a bit of a joke. It's very straightforward to add R Markdown-generated HTML documents to the website and given how well these can be organised, I may share most of my plots, data, etc. through this medium rather than Slack from now on.

### APTS

This has been very good so far, but rather more time-consuming than I had anticipated. I spent some time last week completing preliminary computing tasks, too. That said, it has been well worth my effort.

## Agenda for today's meeting

I don't really have anything to discuss.
